Serenna Beers: Hi there. Hi.
Serenna Beers: How are you
Serenna Beers: So what's been going on. I, I got a little bit of background first. My name is Serena and I'm one of the therapist at bright heart health.
Serenna Beers: Trauma trauma is my specialty. So
Serenna Beers: And I understand that you've experienced a lot of loss from what I hear.
Well,
Jennífer castro: My neighborhood that's been a lot of
Serenna Beers: And so, and that's, I would imagine impacting you does it
Serenna Beers: Increase your cravings and everything.
Well,
Jennífer castro: I'm not
Jennífer castro: No warning.
Serenna Beers: Do you have anybody around you that support port of. Do you have any anybody to Lean, Lean on at all.
Or wow
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
Jennífer castro: It's not about
Jennífer castro: Like trying to get jobs.
Jennífer castro: That's what
Serenna Beers: Oh my goodness, I'm, I'm not sure if your volume is up but i'm i'm not i don't hear everything that you say
Serenna Beers: Can you try to adjust
Serenna Beers: Your, your volume.
Jennífer castro: Is this better.
Serenna Beers: Oh yes definitely. Thank you very much.
Serenna Beers: Sorry for my noise there.
Serenna Beers: In the background. Let's see if I can silence.
Serenna Beers: Can you still hear me.
Jennífer castro: Ya hear you.
Serenna Beers: There. How's that
Jennífer castro: That off.
Serenna Beers: Okay, good.
Serenna Beers: All right.
Serenna Beers: So tell me about how I how your day has been just kind of mate, mate, maybe share with me, just the different what's what's come up feeling some emotions may maybe things that you're struggling to be able to find a way to work through
Jennífer castro: Every day.
Jennífer castro: Every day, all the time.
Jennífer castro: I don't know.
Jennífer castro: I can't get motivated or anything.
Serenna Beers: So share with me, give me a snapshot of what an average day looks like for you.
Jennífer castro: Well, so my mom gets up at six o'clock Monday for all of the
Jennífer castro: Amount of time.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Jennífer castro: Now, what's her
Jennífer castro: By choice of course it's not, you know, half
Jennífer castro: Hour.
Jennífer castro: She gets ready or my way. I just don't, I don't wanna
Jennífer castro: I don't want
Jennífer castro: Much anything today. I did I put myself.
Jennífer castro: I made breakfast this morning with rare for me to make breakfast I want some looking around.
Serenna Beers: For hey, what, what, what did you make
Scientifically
Serenna Beers: It's
Serenna Beers: Breaking oh from scratch. Yeah. Nice. Okay. And who would you feed. So, Tom, tell me about who who lives with you.
Jennífer castro: Okay, so I live with them. It's my mom. My mom. My mom.
Jennífer castro: Okay, but I've known her for
Jennífer castro: 22 years of my 43 years
Jennífer castro: Oh my god of my adult life. He's been part of my life.
Jennífer castro: And then her daughter.
Jennífer castro: Tara, which I'm really close to you. And then her girlfriend.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: How's your relationship with with her right right now.
Jennífer castro: With my mom. Great. It's always great. She's very nice and solid constancy never
Jennífer castro: Never map on me.
Serenna Beers: Good.
Jennífer castro: Am I worried worried
Serenna Beers: Which if you are anxious that only increases it so yeah
Serenna Beers: Did she walk around and talk about what she's worried about
Jennífer castro: Oh right now corona.
You know,
Jennífer castro: He's giving us tips and which I find humorous, but I really she's just looking out for our best to
Ensure
Jennífer castro: You see, sometimes obsessive about it and I love that the kids would be here.
Yeah.
Serenna Beers: That's true.
Serenna Beers: So when you're getting up in the morning and you're thinking about getting getting dressed and stuff. What are the kinds of messages that you tell that you tell yourself that keep you from wanting to feel like you want to get up.
Jennífer castro: That I want to get up, I get up. I just love and go back to sleep.
Jennífer castro: Very well. A lot of times I see a lot of times there's nobody listening to our conversation. And I'll just
Jennífer castro: Intervene, I guess.
Jennífer castro: Okay, so
Jennífer castro: Today, I just got out.
Jennífer castro: Sorry, my power went off here. So,
Oh,
Serenna Beers: It went off on purpose.
Jennífer castro: Yeah, no, no, no, I don't know, I haven't been out of a room. Yes.
Oh,
Serenna Beers: Okay. Is it rainy there or something.
Jennífer castro: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: It's right now. It could be that when whenever it storms, as you know, I mean, there's an increased risk, especially if it's windy. Now, where are you from,
Jennífer castro: I'm and but so
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Well, it is rainy, I am in sac.
Jennífer castro: So it's
Serenna Beers: Rainy here today. So that would make sense.
Yeah.
Serenna Beers: So what is your biggest reason or I mean if I were to ask you why you have no motivation. What's the first thought that comes to you.
Jennífer castro: At blank right now. Like, I don't know.
Jennífer castro: I used to be my kid.
Jennífer castro: You know,
Jennífer castro: And then they moved out.
Jennífer castro: They're all adults with kids.
Serenna Beers: How often do you see them.
Jennífer castro: My oldest son, I very rarely like once every two or three months and then my youngest son I see like every other week.
Jennífer castro: My adopted son.
Jennífer castro: Gone.
Serenna Beers: You um I hang on a second. I don't know if you're going to be able to see me when I do this. Can you still see my face.
Serenna Beers: Okay, what I want to do is I'm trying to find out. Do you have a therapist because I'm not sure if I'm here, assigned one and I just want to check now.
Jennífer castro: On Monday.
Jennífer castro: Appointment every step will be for next Monday. I think it is.
Serenna Beers: Okay, hang on.
Serenna Beers: I just want to see who your therapist is so I can make sure to your last name is what
Serenna Beers: I thought that's what
Serenna Beers: There we go. I just want to see who your therapist is
Serenna Beers: Oh,
Serenna Beers: It is Rebecca
Serenna Beers: She's a good
Serenna Beers: Therapist. She's awesome.
Jennífer castro: Okay.
Serenna Beers: I actually have worked with her over the years. So you're in really good good hands there. So I'll make sure that I pass on a note to her that I met with with you and
Serenna Beers: Just kind of just what you're going, just so that you don't have to repeat yourself. You know, I don't know about a about you, but boy. A boy I I used to very much dislike having to say the same thing to five different folks. It just gets tiresome right very
Serenna Beers: True. Yeah, so I will do you the pleasure of kind of just giving her. Just a little, a little bit of a heads up of of kind of what she's in for as far as like the types of things that you're going through and just where you're at.
Serenna Beers: Now,
Serenna Beers: Do you struggle with.
Serenna Beers: So mental health you setting society. What else
Jennífer castro: I'm starving writing all the time.
Serenna Beers: About how long do you think that you've been or when did you start to like, notice that you just had no motivation.
Serenna Beers: Right.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Jennífer castro: I mean, I guess I'm not an
Jennífer castro: Action about it.
Yeah.
Serenna Beers: You ever have times through throughout the day where you experience, even if it's a little bit of joy. Like, for example, for a example, what makes you happy.
Serenna Beers: Is there anything that makes you smile.
Jennífer castro: Like it anymore.
Jennífer castro: Very often anymore. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: What used to make you smile.
Jennífer castro: I don't know. I guess my kids, maybe
Okay, I don't
Serenna Beers: Know,
Jennífer castro: It just makes me angry.
Serenna Beers: Have you ever dealt with that at all. Have you ever worked
Serenna Beers: At that
Jennífer castro: Won't work with me.
Jennífer castro: To get over it.
Jennífer castro: You know she moved on with her life. I said to her, whatever, but
Jennífer castro: Whatever.
Serenna Beers: You, you still have to go through whatever process that you need to, with or without her.
Serenna Beers: willingness to participate in strengthening that relationship because it's really not about her at this point it's really about getting you to a place where you feel healthy with or without her willingness to participate. Does that make sense. Yeah.
Jennífer castro: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Do you ever do anything like do you leave the house much will obviously not now, but let's say take away our Korean team.
Serenna Beers: And is there any places that you would go, do you ever go, do you ever go on walks or do anything like like that just kind of get out of the house and stuff.
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: What do you do
Jennífer castro: Just go for a walk. I don't know.
Jennífer castro: I went bowling. A couple weeks ago.
Serenna Beers: Oh,
Serenna Beers: Are you doing are you any good at it.
Jennífer castro: Not really, but I made a attitude. My
Jennífer castro: Whatever kind of
Jennífer castro: Nobody really had fun.
No.
Serenna Beers: Do you struggle with sleep. And what I mean by that specifically is like do you struggle getting to sleep or and if you get to sleep. Do you struggle with staying asleep.
Jennífer castro: staying asleep. I do when I
Jennífer castro: Fall asleep right away. Okay.
Jennífer castro: Another question.
Serenna Beers: Are you a woken by dreams at all, or you just
Jennífer castro: Read them.
Jennífer castro: Know what it's like to eat.
Serenna Beers: And then it is it hard for you to get back to sleep.
Jennífer castro: Sometime
Serenna Beers: Okay, let's
Jennífer castro: Just say they're they're selling or something.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so I had asked you about five minutes ago to share with me what an average day looks. Looks like and then we got to talking about your biscuits and gravy, which I think I side kind of swiped, it sounds like, Oh, well, that sounds good.
Serenna Beers: Tell me about the rest of your day like what in what an average day in the life of Jennifer is is like
Jennífer castro: Oh no, I don't know. I don't do anything I lately I've been looking for a job seven on the computer a lot
Serenna Beers: What type, type of work.
Jennífer castro: Mama massage therapist, but I don't want to do that anymore. Okay. Is it too.
When
Jennífer castro: I was leaving with too many emotions that can keep it.
Jennífer castro: To me, or
Jennífer castro: I took home a lot more than what I would was giving anymore.
Jennífer castro: I'm looking for warehouse or something like that. Okay, something that's still going to be open when all this is done.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, right.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: So you might look for a job. What do you do as far as like when you're when when you're bored. Do you watch TV. Do you read books.
Jennífer castro: I've been trying to avoid everybody. Now, I don't want to see. OK, now we need
Jennífer castro: Less than phone
Jennífer castro: I've been cake like crocheting
Serenna Beers: Okay. Is that something that brings you joy at all.
Jennífer castro: I'm just learning from your when I finished something finally it'll be
Jennífer castro: Pretty well already but
Serenna Beers: What are you working on now.
Jennífer castro: I have a necklace clarity.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Jennífer castro: Very much. Thank you walk around.
Jennífer castro: And avoid it for
Serenna Beers: Sure.
Serenna Beers: I mean, for obvious.
Serenna Beers: reasonings. But let's say that, let's take this away and we weren't asked to stay
Serenna Beers: In our in our houses.
Jennífer castro: Do you
Jennífer castro: still try to
Avoid people
Jennífer castro: Yeah.
Jennífer castro: Not very
Jennífer castro: anxiety about
Jennífer castro: Or even three
Jennífer castro: Okay i don't i
Serenna Beers: Would say that you, you have a lot of anxiety.
Serenna Beers: When you're around three three or more
Jennífer castro: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: What do you, what
Serenna Beers: What type of
Jennífer castro: I'm doing Mike Nelson right now and you hang on for like 10 minutes please
Jennífer castro: Sorry.
Serenna Beers: Oh, that's okay.
Jennífer castro: You do the other side.
Jennífer castro: Okay, thank you.
Jennífer castro: Okay, sorry about that.
Serenna Beers: Oh, that's okay I sounded like a drill
Jennífer castro: Oh yes, leading in the rain.
Oh,
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Jennífer castro: Yeah, that's fine. Thank you.
Jennífer castro: I think
Jennífer castro: Okay, yeah. You hear that,
Serenna Beers: Yeah, but, but, I mean, it's not bothering me if it's, if it's not bothering you.
Serenna Beers: I have these nice little headphones that aren't very comfortable, but it's noise cancelling so I don't hear anything around me.
Jennífer castro: And then
Jennífer castro: I can find make dinner. I did put them every night. Okay.
Jennífer castro: And then we sit there and bullshit.
Serenna Beers: And then you go to bed. Do you, do you have difficulties.
Serenna Beers: Turning your mind off.
Jennífer castro: Yes, yes.
Jennífer castro: I'm filming in my mind all the time.
Okay.
Jennífer castro: And I beat myself up a lot, and I don't think it's for the wrong reason or whatever.
Serenna Beers: What's the biggest thing that you say to yourself, like, you know, whether it's, I mean, there's all kinds of different messages mine. I used to constantly say, I'm so dumb. And when you say those self messages all the time. It actually starts to kind of affect you. Right.
Serenna Beers: So what are the type, type of
Serenna Beers: Messages. When you say that you'd beat yourself up a lot.
Jennífer castro: Like
Jennífer castro: Like nobody needs me again, what am I here for
Serenna Beers: What about, I don't know if you've ever tried this, but one of us suggestions that I actually do myself. I don't have to do it every night, but I did have to a couple of weeks ago when this whole thing.
Serenna Beers: Started and I was one of those ones that watch the news, probably more than I should. And I could not quiet my mind for anything. I was worried about my, my kid. I have a
Serenna Beers: 10 year old kid. I thought how am I going to get our food if everybody's buying it. I mean, on and on and on. Right.
Serenna Beers: I will put on at nighttime. And it's an eight hour or 10 hour but they're ocean waves and and and there's more than just that now.
Jennífer castro: That, well, not at all.
Jennífer castro: I don't like that. Well, not at all.
Well,
Serenna Beers: I didn't either. And so I started to just
Serenna Beers: Put on these meditative sounds. My favorite one is ocean waves. But another one was like, it's called camping camping camping ground and you hear like the sound of the creek. It almost sounds like running
Serenna Beers: Water you hear
Serenna Beers: Crickets. And when you're in a dark room and you just hear the sound you can kind of just close your eyes and just kind of imagine yourself there.
Serenna Beers: And and that really does help, help me. I don't know if you would be willing to
Serenna Beers: Try it, try
Serenna Beers: That
Serenna Beers: Okay, yeah.
Jennífer castro: I tried it noisy.
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
Jennífer castro: I don't know. I
Jennífer castro: Don't have my imagination, you might
Jennífer castro: Have a person so
Jennífer castro: What it could be or what might be one.
Serenna Beers: Well, that's not necessarily necessarily a bad thing, but as long as you're
Serenna Beers: Always try to keep an open mind to different things that might
Serenna Beers: Potentially work or be of help. If you've never ever tried them.
Serenna Beers: If that's not anything that you think would work. You know, I mean, how do you get yourself to fall asleep when you're
Serenna Beers: Struggling
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Jennífer castro: Like I said, my mom gets the Herald.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm.
Jennífer castro: Last night, three hours sleep.
Yeah.
Jennífer castro: I walk around when I
Jennífer castro: Walk around like
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: So what is your, what is your overall goal. I mean, as far as what do you, what do you hope to work on while while you're here with us. And the reason that I ask is because
Serenna Beers: These are the types of things that I'm going to share with Rebecca so that she has an idea and can start kind of looking at different things to share with with you in regards to what you voice about what you want to work on.
Jennífer castro: Myself for that I want more fun. Okay, and
Jennífer castro: Like my anxiety like question I'm going to press forever. Smells like 13 years old.
Jennífer castro: Up and down, I haven't had I haven't been manic in a long time. But my mom is coming
Jennífer castro: Now she killed
Jennífer castro: That's my real mom. So that's the type of mom, she is wait for the bombshell it's really quite, not quite.
Sure.
Serenna Beers: That's got a really tough because, you know, who's to say that that has to come, you know, and if you're in it. Those are the kinds of messages that you're being told.
Serenna Beers: How is it it's makes it kind of difficult to think any other way. Oh, well, gosh, then I guess I should wait for the magic part to to come and notes.
Serenna Beers: It works the same way with ourselves, not only what others messages that they feed us, but the message that we give ourselves if you wake up and say,
Serenna Beers: I don't want to get up. I'm not motivated, this sucks, then you're not going to want to get up, you're not going to be
Serenna Beers: Motivated and it is going to suck. Now, I'm not saying, saying, oh, if you do these three specific things one on your fix. That's not what I'm
Serenna Beers: Saying I mean, as you know, it is really is a process and it really does take work from you as well as with the help of your, you know, team, which is your therapist, your doctor that you work with, but
Serenna Beers: You know it has to start with, or it has started. I should say with your willingness to be here right right now. So I just I want to validate the fact that i mean you obviously have a will to want to do better, or you wouldn't be here with me right now. Right.
Jennífer castro: Yes.
Serenna Beers: So that is something to send yourself a message of, well, I obviously I'm worth saving. Because I'm here trying to save myself right
Jennífer castro: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: So that's positive thing for today.
Serenna Beers: I can hear that.
Serenna Beers: Oh, that's okay. It just sounds like
Serenna Beers: Someone's really gonna gonna have your yard looking looking awesome
Jennífer castro: It's important for me to give my counsel. He does weedy
Serenna Beers: Okay. Hmm. Is that who is that that is out there right right now.
Jennífer castro: My friend, okay.
Jennífer castro: But she's here to do it. So we done
Jennífer castro: Another like right here.
Serenna Beers: Well, she must have went to the other side now because I'm not able to even here.
Jennífer castro: Like she, I mean what irritated right now. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: What are you most mostly
Serenna Beers: Up upset about.
Jennífer castro: Well, because I asked her to go to the other side of that.
Jennífer castro: Trailer, I mean,
Jennífer castro: There's yard all the way and other side. She's still right here.
Jennífer castro: Like it's not important.
Serenna Beers: What if you were to step outside step away from your phone and put your head outside and say, hey, I can still hear you. So can you move to the other side, because I can't hear well
Serenna Beers: Maybe she thinks that she's gone.
Serenna Beers: Far enough. No.
Jennífer castro: No, I know I can hear her. Then she hasn't gone far now.
Right.
Serenna Beers: Do you feel like she does this a lot.
Jennífer castro: No, I feel like she did it right now.
Serenna Beers: So, on a scale of 00 to 10 with obviously 10 being the most high zero being not at all a how, how much is it are you
Feeling right right now.
Jennífer castro: Should I cut my meeting.
Jennífer castro: Know what
Serenna Beers: Did you want to schedule it for a different time.
Serenna Beers: Hmm.
Jennífer castro: Maybe like 20 or 30 minutes
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: I'm not sure where we're at our. Are we at that point.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, okay.
Jennífer castro: Well, I
Serenna Beers: I definitely don't want to leave this meeting with you being upset, more than you started, but of course these are things that are outside of my control.
Serenna Beers: So I just want you to know that we remember that folks can't read our mind. So maybe she genuinely
Jennífer castro: Wiser
Uh huh.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Well, if for some reason you get really upset and you need to talk talk with anybody just let
Serenna Beers: Let them know and they will get a hold of me. Okay.
Jennífer castro: All right.
Serenna Beers: Sorry about this. Okay, thanks.
Bye.